


Glovida | Vitamins | Supplements | Beauty Products Online | Glovida


Get 10% off first order when you join our mailing list!  Toggle menu       ACCOUNT  CART   Popular Brands
                 Aveda
                Heliocare
                Vivomixx
                Ceradan
                Sambucol
                Thankyou
                Blackmores
                Ego Qv
                Viviscal
                 Health
                 Allergy Care
                     Cough & Cold
                     Dental Health
                     Probiotics & Digestive Health
                     Eczema Care
                     Eye Care
                     Immunity Boosters
                     Joint Health
                     Vitamins & Supplements
                     Feminine Care
                     Best Sellers
                      Beauty
                 Bath & Body
                     Body Wash
                          Body Lotion
                          Body Cream
                          Body Oil
                          Hand Care
                          Bath & Body Sets
                          Skin Care
                     Cleanser
                          Moisturiser
                          Serum
                          Mask
                          Sun Care
                          Supplements
                          Hair Care
                     Shampoo
                          Conditioner
                          Treatment
                          Supplements
                          Hair Care Sets
                          Oral Beauty Supplements
                     Best Sellers For Beauty
                     Sunscreen
                      Moms & Kids
                 Cough & Cold
                Fever & Pain Relief
                Hair & Skin Care
                Immunity Boosters
                Mosquito Repellents
                Probiotics
                Test Kits, Disinfectants & Sanitizers
                Vitamins & Supplements
                Best Sellers For Kids
                New Arrivals
                 Australian Brands
                  Clinic-Exclusives
                 Clearance Sale
                  Brands  Refer a Friend & Get 10% Off Refer a Friend & Get 10% Off  Get Exclusive Members' Rewards Get Exclusive Members' Rewards  Free Delivery For Order $79 Local / $300 (Global) & Above Free Delivery For Order $79 Local / $300 (Global) & Above  All Brands Health   Allergy CareCough & ColdDental HealthProbiotics & Digestive HealthEczema CareEye CareImmunity BoostersJoint HealthVitamins & SupplementsFeminine CareBest Sellers Beauty   Bath & Body   Body WashBody LotionBody CreamBody OilHand CareBath & Body SetsSkin Care   CleanserMoisturiserSerumMaskSun CareSupplementsHair Care   ShampooConditionerTreatmentSupplementsHair Care SetsOral Beauty SupplementsBest Sellers For BeautySunscreen Popular Brands   AvedaHeliocareVivomixxCeradanSambucolThankyouBlackmoresEgo QvViviscalMoms & Kids   Cough & ColdFever & Pain ReliefHair & Skin CareImmunity BoostersMosquito RepellentsProbioticsTest Kits, Disinfectants & SanitizersVitamins & SupplementsBest Sellers For KidsNew ArrivalsAustralian BrandsCovid NecessitiesClinic-ExclusivesClearance Sale About Glovida Articles 
                Membership Benefits
               Terms of Use Privacy Policy   General By using GLOVIDA's website, www.glovida.com, and ordering from GLOVIDA e-Store, the Customer indicates acceptance of the following terms and conditions. GLOVIDA advises all Customers to read through the following carefully: In these Terms and Conditions the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
         'GLOVIDA' shall mean the owner of www.glovida.com and is the seller of the products on the GLOVIDA e-Store, also referred to as 'website', 'site', 'e-Store', 'we', 'us', 'our'. 'Product/s' shall mean any and all the products offered for purchase by GLOVIDA. 'Customer/s' shall mean visitors and persons who purchase products from this site, also referred to as 'you', 'your'. 'Login' shall mean a Customer's email and access to GLOVIDA e-Store under that Customer's registration. 'Intellectual Property' shall mean all intellectual property rights of whatsoever nature, including (without limitation) patents, designs, present and future trademark or copyright, whether or not registered or registrable by any means, and the right to file an application for registration thereof. All Products sold by GLOVIDA through this site are sold subject to these Terms and Conditions. By submitting your order for processing by GLOVIDA, you confirm and affirm that you have read, understood and agree to the Terms and Conditions in the form in which they appear at the time your order is submitted for processing. The Customer shall agree to complete the registration process according to GLOVIDA's requirements as stated on this site. The Customer shall provide GLOVIDA with complete and updated information which shall include (but shall not be limited to) the Customer's Full Name, Home/Delivery Address, Telephone/Mobile Number, Email Address. GLOVIDA has the absolute discretion to refuse the registration of a potential Customer for any reason whatsoever and to terminate the registration of any Customers for any reason whatsoever. GLOVIDA reserves the right to refuse service, monitor and limit the purchase quantities of Product/s, cancel accounts and orders at its own discretion. The Customer will be liable for every order made under his/her Login and agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless GLOVIDA (and to keep GLOVIDA indemnified and harmless) against any and all suits, proceedings, claims, damages, losses (including indirect and consequential losses), liability or costs suffered or incurred by GLOVIDA (or which may be suffered or incurred by GLOVIDA) and arising out of or in connection with any orders or purchase made under the Customer's Login or the Customer's use of GLOVIDA e-Store. The Customer shall be responsible for updating his/her registration information. Access to GLOVIDA e-Store as a registered member is gained through use of a Customer's Email Address and Password. The Customer shall ensure that his/her Password is kept strictly confidential to prevent unauthorised use. GLOVIDA shall use reasonable efforts to prevent any unauthorised entry to the Customer's log-in on GLOVIDA e-Store. However, to the extent permitted by the law, GLOVIDA shall not be liable for any damages or losses whatsoever if any third party gains unauthorised access to GLOVIDA e-Store. Price Prices on our website are in Singapore Dollar currency and are for specified location delivery shopping only within mainland Singapore. We shall make every effort to ensure that the prices, details and sizes of Products displayed on the site are correct but GLOVIDA reserves the right to change or vary the price and other details of the Products without notice. In the event a Product/s is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, GLOVIDA shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for Product/s listed at the incorrect price. GLOVIDA shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. Not all Products specifications will correspond exactly to the description offered online. GLOVIDA reserves the right to provide the nearest size of Product and rounded off to the nearest price. In the event of different special offers or promotions being made available to the Customer simultaneously for the same Product, the Customer may elect one such offer or promotion per Product but shall not be entitled to a combination of all such offers or promotions per Product. If the Customer requests a variation to the order which GLOVIDA accepts, then the price payable for the order will be adjusted accordingly to reflect the variation and shall be recorded on the final bill presented to the Customer at the time of delivery. GLOVIDA may from time to time set credit limits for individual Customers and GLOVIDA reserves the right to limit sales including the right to prohibit sales to re-sellers. Payment Payment for Products ordered through GLOVIDA e-Store can be made through PayPal as specified on the site. GLOVIDA may change at any time the method by which payments for online orders may be effected and such changes may be notified to the Customer by email or by placing a notice to this effect on the GLOVIDA website.
          Voucher Code From time to time, GLOVIDA may distribute voucher codes that may only be used on the Site. To redeem the voucher, voucher codes must be entered at the checkout page. Unless otherwise stated, vouchers codes are to be used for a one time purchase only. GLOVIDA reserves the right to cancel or modify orders, or revoke the use of voucher codes, where the vouchers are used in the following circumstances:
         suspicious or fraudulent voucher use; voucher abuse, including vouchers redeemed using multiple accounts or multiple checkouts associated with the same customer or group of customers; and/ or vouchers used in bad faith (including resold vouchers, or use of vouchers on orders made and intended for resale). GLOVIDA reserves the right to change these terms or cancel any promotions at any time without notice. Variation and Cancellation Policy You may not vary or cancel the order from the time you submit your order. If the initial Product/s you ordered is unavailable, we will write to you by email to seek your consent to substitute a Product/s for another similar Product/s. If there is no prior consent from the Customer for a substitution, no substitution shall be made. Delivery Policy Shipping in Singapore For the moment, we deliver to any location on mainland Singapore with the following exceptions:
         Restricted and high security locations such as military bases, remand prisons, etc. Offshore locations such as Jurong Island, Sentosa, etc.  P O Box addresses Delivery Charges – the applicable charges are published on our site which you can review prior to submitting your order. Delivery Period – an automated email will be sent to notify you of when you can expect your order.  Deliveries are made anytime between 9am-10pm, and will commence upon pick-up of items from Glovida’s warehouse, by our logistics partner Ninja Van.  Tracking Orders – A tracking number will be provided for you to track your orders. International Shipping (Only for Bulk Orders) For the moment, we do not ship outside of mainland Singapore. If your Delivery Address is overseas and you wish to make bulk orders, please write to us at enquiries@glovida.com. If we agree to ship internationally, our International Delivery Policy applies. International Delivery Policy GLOVIDA takes the packing, tracking and safe delivery of international orders very seriously. Hence, we have teamed up with established courier services to provide the quickest and safest traceable method of delivery to our international Customers. With these safeguards in place, we stimulate the following terms and conditions for all international deliveries: GLOVIDA will take no responsibility for damaged items or items claimed to be missing. We have no control over international customs practices and procedures. GLOVIDA is not liable for any extra cost(s) that may be incurred due to customs tax or delivery tax. The Customer is liable for any customs or any other extra costs incurred which are associated with international orders (where applicable). GLOVIDA holds no liability to any orders that are detained by any countries customs department that either become confiscated or cause a delay in the arrival of the delivery. GLOVIDA is unable to ship any liquid or aerosol items internationally. Based on the above 3 conditions, GLOVIDA will not refund nor compensate any international orders where such claims are made. Replacement and Refunds Policy IMPORTANT: We advise Customers to contact us directly regarding all replacement and refundable matters instead of the products' manufacturers so that we can expedite and resolve the issue. GLOVIDA shall use its best efforts to ensure that orders are correctly fulfilled. Should there be any discrepancy, please notify us by email at orders@glovida.com. Returns/Refunds can be arranged under the following circumstances:
         If any Product has been delivered in a damaged condition, or if the Product's expiry date has passed, or if a Product which was ordered and invoiced is not included in the delivery, or if the wrong Product is delivered, GLOVIDA shall either refund the Customer the value of that Product, issue a credit note or replace the Product. If any Product which was not included in the Customer's order is delivered to the Customer, GLOVIDA shall collect the Product from the Customer. If the Customer has been charged for a Product which has not been delivered, GLOVIDA shall refund or credit the Customer the value of the Product as originally charged to the Customer. If the Customer is charged more than the value of a Product, GLOVIDA shall refund or credit to the Customer the difference. All refunds will be made via the same mode of payment on which the original purchase was made within 7 working days. All replacements of Products shall be effected in the shortest time possible. Warranties To the extent permitted by law, all warranties, descriptions, representations or advice given as to the fitness or suitability for any purpose, tolerance to any conditions, similarity to sample, merchantability or otherwise of the Product/s supplied, are expressly excluded. No agent or representative of GLOVIDA is authorised to make any warranties, representations or statements regarding the Product/s and we shall not in any way be bound by any such unauthorised warranties, representations or statements. Liability The liability of GLOVIDA whether in contract, tort or otherwise for any loss, damage or injury arising directly or indirectly from any defect in or non-compliance of the Product/s or any other breach of our obligations hereunder shall not in any event exceed an amount equivalent to the price of the Product/s. We shall not be liable for any consequential, indirect or special damage or loss of any kind whatsoever nor shall we be liable for any damage or loss caused by the Customer or the Customer's servants, agents, buyers or other persons whatsoever. The Customer shall ensure that the Product/s are not used for any purpose for which they are not suitable and shall be responsible for using all necessary skill and care in handling and using the Product/s. The Customer expressly acknowledges and agrees that we assume no obligation or liability for any advice or information given with the Product/s and we shall not be responsible for any inaccuracy or misstatement of any such information. The Product/s shall be accepted by the Customer entirely at the Customer's risk. Information Disclaimer Product/s pictures are provided to help recognise Product/s. Due to packaging redesign and improvements, these may not reflect exactly on the Product/s you receive. We take reasonable care to ensure that all information, descriptions, details and prices of Product/s appearing on the website are correct at the time when they were published. All information provided on our website is purely informative. We provide no warranty or guarantees of any Product/s description, information, reliability, accuracy or completeness. All information is understood to be correct and current at the date it is published on our website. Information contained on our website should by no means serve as a replacement for medical advice from your doctor, pharmacist, or any other approved medical practitioner. As the Customer, you are fully accountable for any outcomes resulting from your actions on our website such as Product/s purchases based on the information gathered therein. Copyright and Intellectual Property All right, title and interest in all Intellectual Property in all concepts, systems, written, images, graphic and other material relating to our website shall at all times remain our property. GLOVIDA and other parties own the trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this site/catalogue and/or in connection with the Products, and Customers and online visitors are prohibited from using the same without our written permission or such other parties. Force Majeure If the performance by GLOVIDA of its obligations is prevented by reason of "force majeure" (which shall include prevention occasioned by fire, casualty, accident, act of God, natural disaster, any law, order, proclamation, regulation, demand or requirement of the Government of Singapore or of any of its Government agencies, strikes, labour disputes, shortage of labour or lack of skilled labour, actions or omissions of any third party, shortage or unavailability of products or raw materials, delay in transit, weather conditions or other causes whatsoever (whether similar to the foregoing or not) beyond our reasonable control, we shall be excused from such performance to the extent of such prevention. Variation of Terms and Conditions We reserve the right to amend these Terms and Conditions in its sole discretion. We may, but do not undertake, to notify the Customer of such changes. It is the Customer's responsibility to review the Terms and Conditions prior to submitting any order and we shall have no responsibility to notify the Customer of any changes to the Terms and Conditions prior to the coming into effect of such changes or otherwise. Applicable Law These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Singapore and the Customer and GLOVIDA agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. Confidentiality Any questions, comments, suggestions or information other than personal data sent or posted to this site, or any part of this site by online Customers and visitors will be deemed voluntarily provided to us on a non-confidential and non-proprietary basis. We reserve the right to use, reproduce, disclose, transmit, publish, broadcast and/or post elsewhere such information freely, including passing it to any associated company for example, in connection with the development, manufacture and marketing of products and services and to meet Customer needs. Limitation of Liability By accessing and using this site, the Customer acknowledges and accepts that the use of the site is at the Customer's own risk. GLOVIDA shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damage or for damages for lost profits or for loss of revenue arising out of any use of, access to, or inability to use the site. Without limiting the foregoing:
         THIS SITE AND ALL INFORMATION AND MATERIALS CONTAINED IN IT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR IMPLIED TERMS AS TO TITLE, QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE , PRIVACY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. GLOVIDA HAS NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENTS OF THE SITE. GLOVIDA ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW) FOR ANY DAMAGE OR INJURY ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SITE/CATALOGUE, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE, INTERCEPTION OF ONLINE COMMUNICATION, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE PROBLEMS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF DATA OR COMPATIBILITY PROBLEMS), THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR ALTERATION OF THE SITE, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOUR, NEGLIGENCE OR, UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM ANY ACCESS OR USE OF THE SITE/CATALOGUE, OR ANY UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING OR PUBLICATION OF DATA, TEXT, IMAGES OR OTHER MATERIAL OR INFORMATION TO OR FROM THE SITE. PURVEYOR OF HEALTH & BEAUTY About Glovida Articles Terms of Use Privacy Policy GET REWARDED. BE A MEMBER. membership is free get exclusive perks earn more discounts Benefits CONNECT WITH US    PAYMENT METHODS       Home       Categories          Rewards  Chat   Profile @ 2021 All rights reserved. GLOVIDA


