



Reddit - Dive into anything































    Advertisement
  























Open menu


Open navigation



















Go to Reddit Home










 

r/Dota2Trade

A chip








A close button












Get app






Log In


Log in to Reddit









Expand user menu

Open settings menu












Log In / Sign Up


















Advertise on Reddit













          Get the Reddit app
        














Scan this QR code to download the app now



          Or check it out in the app stores 
        
































Home





Popular

     

Topics
          









Gaming





 

Valheim

 

Genshin Impact

 

Minecraft

 

Pokimane

 

Halo Infinite

 

Call of Duty: Warzone

 

Path of Exile

 

Hollow Knight: Silksong

 

Escape from Tarkov

 

Watch Dogs: Legion











Sports





 

NFL

 

NBA

 

Megan Anderson

 

Atlanta Hawks

 

Los Angeles Lakers

 

Boston Celtics

 

Arsenal F.C.

 

Philadelphia 76ers

 

Premier League

 

UFC











Business





 

GameStop

 

Moderna

 

Pfizer

 

Johnson & Johnson

 

AstraZeneca

 

Walgreens

 

Best Buy

 

Novavax

 

SpaceX

 

Tesla











Crypto





 

Cardano

 

Dogecoin

 

Algorand

 

Bitcoin

 

Litecoin

 

Basic Attention Token

 

Bitcoin Cash











Television





 

The Real Housewives of Atlanta

 

The Bachelor

 

Sister Wives

 

90 Day Fiance

 

Wife Swap

 

The Amazing Race Australia

 

Married at First Sight

 

The Real Housewives of Dallas

 

My 600-lb Life

 

Last Week Tonight with John Oliver











Celebrity





 

Kim Kardashian

 

Doja Cat

 

Iggy Azalea

 

Anya Taylor-Joy

 

Jamie Lee Curtis

 

Natalie Portman

 

Henry Cavill

 

Millie Bobby Brown

 

Tom Hiddleston

 

Keanu Reeves




 

Animals and Pets

 

Anime

 

Art

 

Cars and Motor Vehicles

 

Crafts and DIY

 

Culture, Race, and Ethnicity

 

Ethics and Philosophy

 

Fashion

 

Food and Drink

 

History

 

Hobbies

 

Law

 

Learning and Education

 

Military

 

Movies

 

Music

 

Place

 

Podcasts and Streamers

 

Politics

 

Programming

 

Reading, Writing, and Literature

 

Religion and Spirituality

 

Science

 

Tabletop Games

 

Technology

 

Travel



  

Resources
      






About Reddit
 



Advertise
 



Help







Communities
 



Rereddit
 



Topics
 







Blog
 



Careers
 



Press
 







Content Policy
 



Privacy Policy
 



User Agreement



 
Reddit, Inc. © 2023. All rights reserved.















              Go to Dota2Trade
            









r/Dota2Trade









r/Dota2Trade







              Traders of all experience levels are welcome! 

**You must register your Steam account in order to post.** Please do so at www.rugcflair.com. No exceptions will be made.
            






Members







Online









•




            by 
    


JothHago


























 


    [PSA] Rules and Guidelines v3.0 




    The rules listed below will be enforced at the discretion of the moderators. If you have any questions, you can message the moderators to request clarification.
  General Subreddit Rules


    Directly adding on Steam or messaging any of the moderators directly about an issue regarding the subreddit or moderation may result in a ban. Issues that require mod action are to be submitted via modmail.
  


    Be courteous and respectful to others at all times. The conduct of every user affects the reputation of this site, so we expect the highest level of civility from those in our community.
  


    Avoid arguments with others: either resolve your differences in private conversation, or ask a moderator to mediate your dispute. This includes posting derogatory comments in other peoples trades, ridiculing their pricing or being generally disrespectful towards other users.
  


    All users must register their flair to post (instructions below). Flair is a feature on Reddit which allows us to assign a user a special tag, which in this case is a SteamID64 (permanent Steam profile URL). Each person may post with one account: hiding one’s identity will not be tolerated except in extremely rare special cases. If you post with a private Steam account, you may expect additional scrutiny from both users and moderators. We highly encourage users to keep Steam profiles public at all times. New users will have both their submissions and comments removed automatically by u/AutoModerator until they register flair.
  


    Note: We require flair because we enforce a policy of transparency on this subreddit. The use of Steam flair allows us to weed out scammers and other unscrupulous individuals from taking part in discussion or taking advantage of users.
  


    Knowledge and understanding of Reddit general rules is expected. All Reddiquette rules will be enforced here.
  


    Begging and asking for free items is forbidden and bannable.
  

Posting and Trading Rules


    All trades must be related to Dota 2
  


    Advertisements, and links to other sites other than steam profile related is strictly prohibited. Users engaged in referral based linked will incur an immediate ban. Exceptions to this rule is if consultation is first engaged with the moderator and a prior approval is given by the moderator team.
  


    Only one thread is allowed per user every 8 hours. The exception to this are [Q]/[PC]/[PSA]/[Discussion]/[Free]/[Raffle]/[Guide] threads that are unrelated to the ongoing trades of the user. Please keep in mind that the exceptions are not to be abused and if you spam the subreddit with frivolous threads, action will be taken.
  


    Keep your trade parameters relevant to what is required for buy/sell/trade. Anything else is considered clickbait. This includes memes, stories, smileys, symbols, ASCII art and pricing terms such as quicksell, fast sell, etc. Stories are not tolerated in the body of the post.
  


    Do not use all-caps on the title thread or description.
  


    With the recent gifting implementation by Valve, r/Dota2Trade moderator will require all giftable related items to be posted within the mega-thread that will contain all cumulative trades. Any exceptions made will be at the prerogative of the moderators or exceptions made on special requests to the mod team.
  


    Any attempts to manipulate the price and any acts of shilling that is perpetuated and blatant is a major infraction. The moderator team will have full discretion to act and invoke a ban on r/Dota2Trade or Steamrep in general.
  


    You are allowed to comment on other users trades and are encouraged to post threads under the [Discussion] tag if you feel like there are issues you would like to bring up with the community and are looking for feedback related to Dota 2 trading.
  


    Related to the rule above, we are taking a more lenient approach to price commentary. For example, you are allowed to comment on considerable discrepancies in what the submitter is asking for eg. [H] GG [W] TB (obviously an extreme example) but are allowed to do so only if you present yourself in a civil manner. While we are being more lenient on general commentary, comments that are deemed as shitposting will be taken down and penalized.
  


    Advertisement of the item sales on Steam Community Market or other platforms are strictly prohibited.
  


    Do not ask for upvotes (either in your thread or outside of reddit). This is both against general reddit rules and on a small trading subreddit also blatantly obvious. It's also a quick way for you to get your account permanently banned.
  


    Never hijack threads. This includes openly replying to whoever has posted in another persons thread with the intent of selling or posting top level comments asking for the same trade as the original submission. If you are offering the same trade as someone else, start a new thread for your own use.
  


    Accounts must be older than 24 hours in order to post. u/AutoModerator will remove all submissions from users with accounts younger than this.
  


    Trading items for real-world currencies is permitted. If using PayPal/MoneyPak, please follow this guide to ensure a safe transaction. More guides will be written in the near future for Western Union, Bitcoins and bank wires.
  


    Trading or selling on behalf of another user is not permitted. Any users caught hedging or selling on behalf of other user's will likely be permanently banned.
  


    Game coupons may not be traded here, but may be given away.
  


    Trading for real-world items is permitted only  if the items being traded are related to Dota 2 and the trade is overseen by a moderator. For example, Nature's Prophet plushies, t-shirts, or other merchandise, may be traded here, but not computer hardware, shoes, or other unrelated objects.
  


    No trades involving CD-keys, game codes, serials, or redeemable cards (Steam Wallet, Amazon, iTunes, or other gift cards) will be permitted. This rule also applies to any and all Humble Bundles, as we believe they should not be purchased with the intent to profit.
  


    No trades involving physical tickets to tournaments is allowed. Anyone caught trying to trade or trade for said tickets will be banned.
  


    Account trading of any kind is strictly forbidden. Not only is it very unsafe, but it also violates the EULA/TOS of every major company.
  


    Users are required to have the items in their inventory ready to be gifted/traded at the time of posting. Users are not allowed to post for items that restricted, or not in their inventory. Trade parameters must entail the ownership of the item and also be made accessible to be traded/gifted by the time of posting.
  


    Dota 2 item price check sites have historically been inaccurate at best; it is advised that you do not use them. For accurate price checks, search recent trades or ask another member or refer to this thread to get started on pricing your items.
  


    Upvote based on prices and good post formatting, not because you've been asked to (except in the case of PSAs made by the mods)
  


    Use one tag per post. No combo posts.
  


    Ban evasion and use of alts to bypass the 8-hour posting rule will result in severe bans.
  


    Scammers will be reported to /r/badkarma as well as SteamRep. We do not tolerate any of that behavior.
  

Submission formatting rules:
    Any post whose title does not mirror one of the tags below will be automatically deleted by the AutoModerator bot. Please use only one tag per post.
  


    [H] items [W] items; Whether you're attempting to trade your items for cash, keys or other in-game items, you are always expected to have a specific buyout within your threads rather than asking for "offers". See the buyout rules below for a list of exceptions.
  


    [PC] price check
  


    [Q] question
  


    [Discussion] topical discussions relevant to Dota 2 trading or the community
  


    [PSA] important or relevant information for the community (note: must have a proper and reliable source, your personal opinions are seldom considered as public service announcements)
  


    [Store] selling 5 or more items at a time (to prevent lengthy post titles)
  


    [Raffle] free-to-enter raffles only. The context of the raffle/giveaway cannot be used to request people to tweet, like, or otherwise promote your external projects as the parameter for eligibility.
  


    [Swap] for 1:1 (or similar ratio) item swap threads (example: player cards)
  


    [Free] giveaway
  


    [Idea] please message the mods for approval before posting an Idea thread.
  


    [Guide] is a tag used for threads whose purpose is to educate other users and are generally helpful. To submit a post under this tag you're adviced to consult the moderators before submitting the thread.
  


Auctions:



    [Auction] tag represents a trade that is done based on bids and ends with the auctioned items being sold to the highest bidder
  


    All auctions must include a reserve price. A buyout is recommended, but not necessary. A reserve is the price at which the buyer is obligated to sell. If the highest bid remains below the reserve, the person holding the auction may withdraw from it and keep his items rather than selling but is entitled to sell to the highest bidder even if the reserve was not met.
  


    All auctions must include a runtime and they shouldn't last for more than one week - for the benefit of everyone involved. You also should not alter your runtime once you've launched an auction.
  


    Bids placed in auctions are binding. This means that once you bid in an auction, you are expected to honor it and failing to do so will result in a ban from the subreddit.
  


    Reserve price is also binding and cannot be altered during the auction. If a bid exceeds the reserve, you are expected to honor it and failing to do will result in a ban from the subreddit.
  


    You must be prepared to verify all current offers in your auctions, either in form of screenshots (when bid is made live on Steam) or preferably by having whoever holds the highest bid post it in one of your auction threads for reference.
  


    Retraction and cancellation of bid is only permissible on case to case basis and you should request the moderators to arbitrate should the need to cancel an auction or retract an offer occur. Failure to provide an accountable reasoning will lead to a warning or a ban depending on the situation.
  

As of 31st of January 2015, prices are allowed in thread titles.


    Every trade must include a realistic and specific buyout or price for the item you buy, trade, or sell. You may include a bulk buyout for more than one items. Asking for offers is still allowed as long as a buyout or price for  people to bid against is included. Full details on this below.
  


    As an example, if you list the following thread:
  
[H] Dragonclaw Hook [W] Keys / Paypal,



    the thread description should then include the desired amount of keys and the amount of cash you're looking from a PayPal transaction.
  


    Submissions that do not have buy out will be removed by the moderators or automoderator without notice. Repeated offence and negligence to this rule will result in a posting ban.
  

Buyout Rules
    Threads that are created to buy, sell, or trade must include a realistic and specific buyout. You can use any form of item within the Steam trading environment or cash as an acceptable form of buyout.
  
    Buyout prices has to be specific. Terminology such as :-
  


    Market price
  


    Overpay
  


    Are not applicable. Concise exact detail of the buyout needs to be present otherwise the thread will be removed.
  
    Users are required to honor the buyout rules as listed. Failure to comply without approved reasoning from the moderator team will result in a lengthy to a permanent ban.
  
Examples of trades requiring buyouts



    [H] Keys [W] PayPal / WU / Bank Transfer
  


    [H] Timebreaker/DC Hooks/Arcanas
  


    [H] Steam Wallet [W] Keys / Paypal
  


    [H] Inventory [W] Cash
  


    [Auction] Inventory
  


Items that do not require for you to list a buyout:



    Heroics
  


    Legacies
  


    Items released less than a week prior to the thread being posted
  


    Golden Baby Roshan
  


    Platinum Baby Roshan
  


    Desert Sands Baby Roshan
  


    Jade Baby Roshan
  


    Dark Moon Baby Roshan
  


    Desert Baby Roshan
  


    Honey Heist Baby Roshan
  


    Aghanim Interdimensional Baby Roshan
  


    Golden Nether Lord's Regalia
  


    Bugged Cosmetics with Ethereal Gems
  

Etiquettes for Giftables


    Dota 2 giftables transaction only viable if the two steam user parties have been friends for 30 days.
  


    Please be clear in your terms and price. If the price is variable and subject to change, please make it clear. Otherwise, it's good etiquette to adhere to the buy out first listed and agreed upon. Renegading on the Buy Out price will be subject to reddit ban and steamrep red marked.
  


    As giftables involves a party having to go first, please always check user's reputation through steamrep or just general safety rule in trading here



    Official steamrep middleman may assist in middle manning for the trade, or r/dota2trade mod may assist as well in this. Please ensure that before engaging in the mods/middleman, to have all trade parameter in place and have the basic 30 days rule bypass. Message the mod team if in doubt.
  

Flair Registration
    All users must register their flair in order to post on this subreddit and posts by unflaired users will be automatically removed. Continually ignoring the prompt to flair up will result in a ban.
  


    Visit http://www.rugctrade.com/register/ and click "Allow."
  


    You will be redirected to the Steam web login page via the Steam WebAPI. If you are not already signed in to Steam, enter your login info. If you are already logged in, simply click "Login."
  


    Confirm that SteamBot has sent you a message on Reddit informing you that you have been added as an approved submitter for this subreddit.
  


    In some cases, there may be a delay before you are able to post. If you are still unable to 24 hours after registering, message the mods and we will investigate your case.
  


Troubleshooting:



    If you get the "Yikes! Something has gone wrong!" page, simply go back to http://www.rugctrade.com/register/ start and repeat the process from the beginning until it works.
  


    If you get a 500 internal server error page, you must wait short while and repeat the process from the beginning.
  


Message the moderators if you:



    successfully complete steps 1 and 2 but do not receive a message from SteamBot.
  


    receive the "You already have flair" error.
  


    experience any strange issues (e.g. being assigned someone else's flair).
  


    correctly registered your flair in the past, but wish to change it to a different account
  


    Please refer to this thread for an explanation regarding why we need this and how it works.
  



      Read more
       










      More posts you may like
    











  






  
 







